An example web app. (#460)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-typescript: examples/multipart-upload-wrapper-example/README.md

# Publish large data files in a browser

This example app uses an HTML and JS UI and an HTTP server with mocked routes to simulate the real `DataStore` class.
You can use this app to learn how to work with the `MultipartUploadWrapper` class and publish large files of more than 8 GB to a versioned layer without loading them in memory.

## Setup

> To set up the example app, go to the `multipart-upload-wrapper-example` folder .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example does not need any setup. Nevertheless, you should have node.js installed.
```

> This example does not need any setup. Nevertheless, you should have node.js installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example does not need any setup. Nevertheless, you should have Node.js installed.
```

> This example does not need any setup. Nevertheless, you should have Node.js installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example does not need any setup. Nevertheless, make sure you installed Node.js.
```

# Publish large data in a browser.

> This is an HTML+JS UI and HTTP server with mocked routes to simulate the real DataStore.
> 
> The UI uses the `HERE Data SDK for Typescript` in plain JS. This example illustrates how to use the `MultipartUploadWrapper` class to upload and publish large files to a versioned layer. The `MultipartUploadWrapper` enables you to upload large files (more then 8GB) without loading them in memory upfront.
> 
> ## Setup
> 
> 1. Go to the example folder.
> 
> ```
> cd examples/multipart-upload-wrapper-example
> ```
> 
> ## Run
> 
> 1. Start the server.
> 
> ```
> node server.js
> ```
> 
> 2. Open in your favorite browser http://localhost:8080

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Publish large data files in a browser

This example app uses an HTML and JS UI and an HTTP server with mocked routes to simulate the real `DataStore` class.

You can use this app to learn how to work with the `MultipartUploadWrapper` class and publish large files of more than 8 GB to a versioned layer without loading them in memory.

## Setup

To set up the example app, go to the `multipart-upload-wrapper-example` folder .

## Run

1. Start the server.
    ```
    node server.js
    ```
2. In your favorite browser, open `http://localhost:8080/`.

```

> # An example web app shows how to use Here Data SDK for TypeScript to upload and publish large data in a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Publish large data in a browser.
```

> This is an HTML+JS UI and HTTP server with mocked routes to simulate the real DataStore.

Reviewer: What are "mocked routes"?

Author: Mocked Blob and Publish endpoints and responses to simulate the real OLP

Author: lines 47 - 118 https://github.com/heremaps/here-data-sdk-typescript/pull/460/files#diff-52da086ca44fc827896c5ba8c3e6d147db75e34b8abfa7dfa0c090316f9544c7R47

> 

Reviewer: Please use the same structure as for the other examples. Add two sections: **Setup** and **Run the app**

> UI uses the `HERE Data SDK for Typescript` in plain JS and you can see how to create `UserAuth`, `OlpClientSettings`, and `MultipartUploadWrapper` instances and use it to upload and publish data to the DataStore. You can play with more than 8GB of files because the browser does not load them to the memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI uses the `HERE Data SDK for Typescript` in plain JS. This example illustrates how to use the `MultipartUploadWrapper` class to upload and publish large files to a versioned layer. The `MultipartUploadWrapper` enables you to upload large files (more then 8GB) without loading them in memory upfront.
```
